Questions regarding Uploaded Image Classification:

1. Did the three model architectures classify the breed of dog in Dog_01.jpg to be the same breed? If not, report the differences in the classifications.

Answer: 
No, the AlexNet architecture classified Dog_01 as Samoyed, while the other two classified it as Husky. However, things were different
with the fliped image, see answer #2 below.

2. Did each of the three model architectures classify the breed of dog in Dog_01.jpg to be the same breed of dog as that model architecture classified Dog_02.jpg? If not, report the differences in the classifications.

Answer: 
Not all of them. VGG and ResNet classified the dog images as "eskimo dog, husky". The dog is a white husky indeed. 
The AlexNet architecture classified one image as "eskimo dog, husky" and the other as "samoyed, samoyede". 
The samoyed dog looks similar indeed, both white, but it's odd to have the flipped image classified diferently.
Perhaps all the possible breeds should have been suggested for both images, the original and the mirror.

3. Did the three model architectures correctly classify Animal_Name_01.jpg and Object_Name_01.jpg to not be dogs? If not, report the misclassifications.

Answer: 
Yes, all models cassified the 2 not dogs images as not dogs. They didn't exactly identified the objects, but they were close, at least they were not dogs.

4. Based upon your answers for questions 1. - 3. above, select the model architecture that you feel did the best at classifying the four uploaded images. Describe why you selected that model architecture as the best on uploaded image classification.

Answer:
ResNet and VGG have the same output, and they correctly identif the dog breed (though I have not labeled the image as husky, it identifies the word "dog").
AlexNet makes a different classification on the mirrored image, which is odd. So I would select either ResNet or VGG. Based only on this uploaded_images
sample it is hard to make a decision, but on the pet_images we see that the VGG is more accurate. With this limited 4 image data set, since the output
is exactly the same for VGG and ResNet, we can't make a decision between the two. With a larger dataset, like the pet_images folder, we can identify
VGG as the best performing model.